.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

## Title

## ✨ Context
_What's the context for the changes? Are there any_

## 🧠 Rationale behind the change

Why did you choose to make these changes? Were there any trade-offs you had to consider?

## Type of changes

Which of these best describes the type of changes being introduced
(remove the unused options)

- [ ] Bugfix (changes that fix a problem with the current behavior)
- [ ] New Feature (changes that introduce new functionality)
- [ ] Breaking Change (Changes that radically modify current behavior and may be problematic)
- [ ] Experiments (A notebook with experimentation results)
- [ ] Documentation
- [ ] Improvements (Minor refactoring, code changes or optimizations)
- [ ] Other (Please describe)


## 🛠 What does this PR implement
_Detailed description of the changes introduced, Give examples of the changes you've made in this pull request, include an itemized list if you can and
add diagrams or images if necessary. It'll help the reviewer_

## Missing
_If there are things that are requested in the task and were not implemented, list them here_


## 🧪 How should this be tested?
_Steps to test or reproduce the PR here_

- `coverage run --source=. -m pytest`

Commit message:

Feature/update_cruft_11_feb (#19)
* 🚑 update cruft compatible python

* 🔧 🍪 update cruft info

* 🗑️ clean all data to set new cruft

* :sparkles: new cruft changes

* ⚗️ add notebooks

* ✅ 🔨  add scripts and unit tests

* 📝 update readme

* 💚 update python to 3.11

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

# Title

## ✨ Context

What's the context for the changes? Are there any

## 🧠 Rationale behind the change

Why did you choose to make these changes? Were there any trade-offs you had to consider?

## Type of changes

Which of these best describes the type of changes being introduced
(remove the unused options)

- [ ] ✨ New Feature (changes that introduce new functionality)
- [ ] 🐛 Bugfix (changes that fix a problem with the current behavior)
- [ ] 💥 Breaking Change (Changes that radically modify current behavior and may be problematic)
- [ ] ⚗️  Experiments (A notebook with experimentation results)
- [ ] 📝 Documentation
- [ ] 🔥 Improvements (Minor refactoring, code changes or optimizations)
- [ ] ✅ Tests (Unit tests, integration tests, end-to-end tests)
- [ ] 👷 🔧 CI or Configuration Files
- [ ] Other (Please describe)

## 🛠 What does this PR implement

_Detailed description of the changes introduced, Give examples of the changes you've made in this pull request, include an itemized list if you can and
add diagrams or images if necessary. It'll help the reviewer_

## 🙈 Missing

If there are things that are requested in the task and were not implemented, list them here

## 🧪 How should this be tested?

Steps to test or reproduce the PR here

- `poetry run pytest --cov`
